c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\bin\Debug\TaimerApp.exe.config
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\bin\Debug\TaimerApp.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\bin\Debug\TaimerApp.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.g.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaimerApp\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.exe
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\bin\Debug\TaimerApp.exe.config
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\bin\Debug\TaimerApp.exe
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\bin\Debug\TaimerApp.pdb
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.g.resources
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\1\Desktop\Пограммировани\База данных sql\TaimerDz\TaimerApp\obj\Debug\TaimerApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
